# Session 15 - The wind tower, where Bekki went off the rails

After leaving cult of the burning earth (?) we arrived at the edge of a large valley with a river running through it and
Feathergale Spire rising out fo the far side of the valley. After some discussions we decide to cross the valley and
simply approach the main entrance of Feathergale Spire. To get there we ascend the far side of the valley and cross a
bridge which connects us to the tower.

As we approach the gate we are met by Savra Bella who invites us into the tower. Immediately inside the tower we are
greeted by a giant wooden carving of an eagle and after introductions are led up to the top floor to meet the
commander. As we step out onto the top of the tower Aelar's gaze is stolen by a well built knight dressed in some ðŸ”¥
feather embossed armor. From the commander we learn there are 50-75 people in the tower at any time and together they 
engage in prissy knightly acitivites like riding, hunting, games of honor, etc.

We are invited to a dinner (there is an upcoming festival related to Water Deep) but are invited to rooms on the 3rd
level to rest prior to our dinner. Our rooms have tapestries with some totally sweet depictions of hippogrifs flying,
fighting, and doing hippogrif things. This piques Anais' curiousity and she heads over to adjacent room and knocks,
finding no one there she enters and finds many documents describing hippogrifs and how they are used here.

In the evening we desecend a level to attend the dinner. Upon entering the dining hall we discover two things: 
recruiting at Feathergale Spire definitely scews towards men and they truly love their velvet robes . Anais is still 
curious about the hippogrifs, as is Aelar for entirely different reasons. Anais approaches a nearby knight and 
unwittingly seduces him. She immediately begins mining him for hippogrif knowledge with a ruthless intensity. Some 
tidbits of hippgrif lore:

- John (Hippogriff riding knight) rides a hippogrif named Ozark. 
- As you approach a hippogrif say it's name and if the ears perk up it accepts the name
- To seduce a hippogrif for riding whisper sweet nothings to it. "Ozark oh majestic being I would like to travel these majestic skies with you, it would be an honor to ride your majestic back" - then show it the saddle ask kindly if it is ok to put the saddle on

A guard barges into the dinner and we are tells the party that there is a report of manticore attack outside the tower.
The knights rush out to the hunt and we are invited to join as well, the commander informs of a prize if we are able to
slay the manticore. We rush to the roof and enroute Anais makes a stop off in the commanders office where she searches 
through his desk. She reads a document from Queen Carbonara informing the command that she is pleased to hear about 
their altercation with the earth cult. She has interrogated a prisoner the captain had captured earlier and she turned 
out to be quite the interesting traveller from Water Deep. A second document Anais uncovers give us a list of the cult's
members which are mostly Water Deep socieity's elite. She leaves the office and on the roof we are each given a 
hippogrif (and knight co-pilot) to participate in the hunt and we fly into battle.

As our manticores ascend we decide to each scout different directions than return to the tower in a couple minutes to
regroup. Drusillia heads off to the northwest and quickly encounters the manticore. She quickly begins casting a 
lighting spell on it and it attacks interrupting here. She then casts earthbind on it and sends the manticore plumetting
to the earth. Drusillia heads back to the tower and Anais flys by her in the fog without either noticing. Fear,
Drusillia and Anais finally regroup and rush over quickly dispatching the manticore. We all return to the tower and
Druisillia awaits her prize. Upon arriving at the tower Anais surprises pretty much everyone and becomes obsessed with
the letter she has found on the commander's desk. She sneaks back into the commander's office and steals the letter
intending to take Ozark (the hippogrif) and fly to give the letter to Queen Carbonara. The reasons behind this are not
entirely clear but it is imperative that she get this letter to the queen quickly. Unfortunately (or perhaps
fortunately?) Anais is confronted by the commander before she is able to attempt to fly away on a hippogrif. Anais
explains her distress over something involving Druisillia (???) and manages to get the commander to forgive her attempts
at theft and conspiracy if she agrees to stay at Feathergale Spire.

Shortly afterwards a repressed memory surfaces in Azaghul's mind and We discover that sh is actually on a secret quest to
recover the woman known as Savra (?) (a female member of the cult). She is the runaway daughter of a noble family who 
have retained Azaghul's services to track her down.

Finally we were given the chance to pledge our alledgiance to the cult of Feathergale Spire and we decide to take the
airy and holy vows. Robert (who rode on the griffin with Aelar) decides to renew his vows with Aelar.
